what is up and is going on guys seem see
here and welcome back to another episode
of my fifa 14 chelsea career mode on the
xbox one in today's episode we have two
matches as always the first match coming
up is a match against juventus in the
semi-finals of the Champions League
zombie a tough match reversing Juventus
they've got a lot of top quality players
both in both in all positions this the
strike is they've got some pretty good
strikers Carlos Tevez also in the
midfield they've got a strong attacking
force with mikey zo Asamoah like a
fucking face down Paul Pogba goddamn
named up winning 8-1 over Benfica which
is an absolute travesty and obviously
they got really they got a solid
goalkeeper in before and they have
Chiellini and ogbonna who have both very
very talented defenders but guys you
can't out rule what we've got we've got
is Latin Ibrahimovic and David Lewis the
best player in the game who seems to get
better every single fucking FIFA he's no
power over bout a shit but later on in
the episode we do have a neutral match
against Manchester nine but it says
neutral on the thing but it's the FA Cup
final so I imagine that's at one but a
mattock through on goal here since
absolute belter but unfortunately just
goes wide of a bull fonz grip and guys
that was a rather shit match to be quite
honest that it was really the only the
one shot all the rest were just off
target and there was not really a point
of actually showing them which was just
a pain in the fucking ass and I just
really annoyed me I what's the fucking
playing this but we do advance in the
Champions League wind up winning 2-1 and
guys I forgot to mention that this is
the second last episode of the Chelsea
career I've only got one more episode
and we've won will match the next
episode and then we have going through
the squad report and the how the other
leagues shaped up around the world
unfortunately Schurrle did pick up a
injury but thank God we have a lot of
replacements and a lot of quality play
to choose from we could bring um Ramirez
salala we've got churchy we've got song
and we're going to be playing this
manchester united match right now so i
thought how better would it be for
shinji kagawa to come off the bench and
play this message so it's gonna be very
interesting he could have one with his
or former club he could win with Chelsea
but basically i bought shinji kagawa
he's such a good player and they was
really out of favor in this career mode
he wasn't getting much games with United
and I felt like a move to Chelsea would
have been a little bit more promising
for him the way we went through in this
league we're not winning 3-1 over
Arsenal won kneel over Manchester City
Soviet two top teams very early on in
the quarters in the semi so it's
interesting to say that manchester
united made it all the way but hopefully
we can score some goals unlike in the
last night we drew Neil Neil / is your
Ventus but we do Manchester I have a lot
of quality players when rain Rooney
Robin van Persie so it's going to be
very interesting competition in the FA
Cup but guys added as it is the last
episode a second are in well after this
there will be the last episode of the
chills accrue might let me know if you
like to see season to the Chelsea career
mode or would you like to see another
club I'm probably swaying to more of a I
don't know Berisha Dortmund sort of team
or maybe even doing Liverpool which
would be quite interesting i believe but
let me know in the comment section down
below makes you live like to support my
channel and i would really much
appreciate it but son finally scores
another girl for me in the 45th minute
and that signing from by leverkusen
really did live out now so headed there
pops it to son and he hits it with his
right foot with that five-star weak foot
nice little slut go that nice calm and
composed and the Korean backs another
one to Chelsea I knew he would be a good
signing probably not as good signing as
churchy but churchy has a couple more
years experienced and son is going to be
a great player and i really i really
like asian players in this game they
come i'm at asian myself if you're
wondering that but um i'm not favoring
them and he just really like a lot of
asian players in this game and not many
people usually play with them which is
interesting
me we do make it to kneel and Manchester
nutr in dire straits here nice goal
there from Oscar and since absolute
belter but I thought was his that done
with Benzema in this game matter
unfortunately versing his former club in
the final you must be hating that I'm
very very disappointed that Jose
Mourinho did actually selling before I
took over Chelsea but what are going to
do and Mascherano ends up scoring for me
which is fucking bullshit because last
time he scored against me as well but
guys I don't know what it was about
Mascherano he scored they always seems
to score against me which is just stupid
but guys we did end up winning the Cup
Shinji Kagawa getting the FA Cup and
beating his old for my club
unfortunately I feel really bad for
matter i really wish jose mourinho did
not sell him because matter is such a
quality player but there's a little
thing in my heart saying I'm a
Manchester United support I really did
we did support them Oh probably not the
best player in the position that we
really needed but I'll take matter
nonetheless thank you David Moyes Boise
but here he goes out down here guys is
lat time picking up his first FA Cup
trophy and look at him now he's still a
bit he knows he is the team he's such a
good players lot on Ibrahimovic and he's
looking yes boys we got this in the bag
but his bad lift up the trophy so guys
thank you very much for watching if you
washed away through I really do
appreciate it make sure to leave a like
to support my channel if you deliver
dislike let me know why all constructive
criticism is welcome in the comments
section down below how am I going to
better myself as a youtuber if I don't
take on constructive feedback so i ended
up getting man and match well deserves
you pay absolutely fantastic there my
friend and guys I can't wait to bring
the last episode the Chelsea career mode
but let me know which career mode like
we've seen do next so guys thank you
very much for watching you go out and
have a fantastic race today if I can
make sure you do it man go out and have
a fantastic rest of your life whatever
thank you guys